

----Image alt text---->Unit Drilling Company logo<----media/image1.png----



Life Threatening Weather



Policy



Personnel have the right and responsibility to stop work if they experience heat stress or perceive others to be experiencing heat stress.



Unit Drilling will provide drinking water for all personnel, Unit and third-party, working on the rig floor.



Lightning at 30 miles



Prepare to cease non-essential work.



Lightning at 15 miles



Cease non-essential work.



Prepare to cease all work activities.



Move non-essential personnel inside.



Lightning at 10 miles



Cease all work activities.



Move all personnel inside.



After an Evacuation



The Rig Manager will create a Project-Inspection Report after returning from a weather-related evacuation and before restarting operations.



After a Weather-Related Shutdown



Site Personnel will perform a 15-minute inspection for weather-related damage before restarting operations.



Procedure



Severe Weather I – Storm Alert



When a hurricane or named storm enters the Gulf of America or when other severe weather or tornadoes are forecast for the area around a working Unit rig or facility:



1)	The VP of Operations will

	a)	Monitor the state and progress of the storm.

	b)	Determine when the remaining Phase I actions will be initiated.

2)	The VP of Operations and Rig Superintendents will

	a)	Coordinate with operators to develop a storm-preparedness plan

		--	Review upcoming operations and attempt to avoid or reschedule operations which might delay securing the rig.

		--	Identify steps to secure rigs and facilities against storm damage.

		--	Identify steps to secure rigs and facilities against theft.

		--	Identify steps to evacuate personnel and, if necessary, provide temporary living quarters.

3)	Rig Managers and Facility Managers will

	a)	Review the storm-preparedness plan with personnel.

	b)	Remove or secure non-essential removable objects.

	c)	Return non-essential rental equipment.

Severe Weather II – Secure Well and Equipment

1)	The VP of Operations will

	a)	Determine when Phase II will be initiated.

2)	Rig Managers and Facility Managers will

	a)	Maintain a site roster.

	b)	Secure tools, trucks, and equipment needed to secure the site and well.

	c)	Remove non-essential personnel, equipment and material.

3)	Rig Managers will

	a)	Condition mud to maintain hole integrity.

	b)	Secure the well.

	c)	Secure the rig or facility.

	d)	Shut in fuel supply where appropriate and fill all fuel tanks.

	e)	Prepare documents and computers for evacuation.

4)	Drillers will

	a)	Install safety valve (and back pressure valve if no SSCV is used) and hang the drill pipe in the slips.

	b)	Close and lock pipe rams.

	c)	Close annular preventor.

	d)	Close kill line and choke manifold valves.

	e)	Secure mast and drill string.

	f)	Secure block and all lines.

5)	The VP of Operations will

	a)	Determine if the mast should be laid down.

Severe Weather III – Evacuation

1)	The VP of Operations will

	a)	Determine when Phase III will be initiated.

2)	The Rig Manager or Facility Manger will

	a)	Use site roster to ensure all personnel are properly evacuated.

	b)	Release personnel.

	c)	Carry out any remaining items in the storm-preparedness plan.

	d)	Evacuate the site.

	e)	Maintain contact with VP of Operations.

After a Weather-Related Shutdown

1)	Site Personnel will

	a)	Perform a 15-minute inspection for weather-related damage before resuming full operations.

2)	The Driller will

	a)	Circulate the well or take other measures to prevent adverse hole conditions during this inspection.



After a Weather-Related Evacuation



1)	The Rig Manager will

	a)	Perform a<a href="https://unitcorp.kpaehs.com/rsc/67c4bf36d7480a0012d5a2dc">Post-Evacuation Inspection</a>.

		--	challenges to site entry and egress

		--	a thorough survey for damage to structures and equipment

		--	potential damage to the environment

		--	location and status of assigned personnel

	b)	Follow the Exception Management process for any abnormal conditions.

2)	The Rig Superintendent will

	a)	Review the Project-Inspection Report.

	b)	Provide documented approval for operations to resume.



Page 2 of 2









footnote1)	





endnote1)	