





Confined Space Entry

Policy

The Rig or Facility Manager will identify and clearly mark permit-controlled confined spaces with “CONFINED SPACE – DO NOT ENTER WITHOUT PERMIT”.

A space is permit-controlled confined if:

The space is not designed for continuous occupancy or has a limited or restricted means of entry or exit.

and

The space has a reasonable and foreseeable risk of injury from hazardous substances or conditions, including risk of burns; heat stress; struck-by equipment; trapped or buried; drowning; electrical shock; loss of communication; low or high oxygen; limited visibility; flammable gasses or dusts; toxic substances or atmosphere; significant slips, trips, or falls.

Complete this procedure before entering a permit-controlled confined space.

Only qualified personnel will enter a confined space.

Only qualified personnel will work as confined-space attendants.

Only qualified personnel will perform atmospheric tests or atmospheric monitoring.

Only qualified personnel will be assigned to perform non-entry rescue.

Do not attempt to ventilate a confined space to improve atmospheric tests.

Unit Drilling Personnel will not enter a confined space without a non-entry rescue plan.

Unit Drilling personnel will not attempt to enter a confined space to rescue personnel. If a non-entry rescue plan is not viable, we will not enter without a qualified rescue team standing by.

Unit Drilling personnel will not enter closed-top tanks, including fuel tanks, frac tanks, or third-party tanks.

Unit Drilling personnel will wear a full-body harness to facilitate non-entry rescue.

If the confined-space attendant must leave, even briefly, all confined-space entrants will exit the confined space.

Procedure

1)	The person requesting the Work Permit will

	a)	Follow the Lock Out, Tag Out procedure to isolate the confined space and any equipment within the confined space.

	b)	Describe a non-entry rescue plan including which specific rescue tools will be used.

	c)	Perform and document a pre-job atmospheric test.

		--	Perform tests in this order.

		--	Oxygen: greater than 19.5% and less than 23.5%

		--	Flammable gasses and vapors: < 0%

		--	Hydrogen Sulfide: < 10 ppm

		--	Carbon Monoxide: < 35 ppm

	d)	Identify which personnel will enter the confined space or act as confined-space attendants.

	e)	Identify a confined-space attendant.

	f)	Submit this and all standard Work Permit requirements for authorization with the work permit.

	g)	Obtain an authorized Work Permit.

2)	The Permit Authorized Person will

	a)	Inspect confined-space rescue equipment.

	b)	Position confined-space rescue equipment to be immediately accessible.

3)	The confined-space attendant will

	a)	Continuously monitor gas levels in and around the confined space.

	b)	Record gas levels every hour. <a href="https://unitcorp.kpaehs.com/rsc/67f56dc3f32af8000fc542d8">Confined Space Entry Gas Log.</a>

	c)	Perform a pre-entry test immediately before personnel enter or re-enter a confined space.

	d)	Maintain line-of-site or radio communication with the workers inside.

	e)	Monitor entrants for exposure effects.

		--	change in personality, irritability, shortness of breath, confusion, weakness, fatigue, nausea, lack of coordination, lack of communication, loss of consciousness, dehydration, heat exhaustion.

	f)	Perform no other duties.

	g)	Never enter the confined space, even to attempt a rescue.

4)	The Rig Manager will

	a)	Collect any written forms for the yearly rig folder.



Page 2 of 2









footnote1)	





endnote1)	