----Image alt text---->Unit Drilling Company logo<----media/image1.png----

Work Permit



Policy



When do I need a Work Permit?



Obtain a Work Permit before



--	high-potential hot work;

--	confined space entry; or

--	lock out tag out;



A Work Permit is valid for the time specified when the permit was authorized. A Work Permit is valid for a maximum of one shift.



Suspending Work Permits



A single Work Permit is suspended



after any deviation from the work scope defined when the Work Permit was authorized.



All Work Permits are suspended



at the Driller’s or Rig Manager’s discretion.



If the Rig Manager is not immediately available to make a determination, all Work Permits are suspended



after any significant well control event;

after any significant loss of containment;

after any unplanned maintenance to affected systems;

after any fire;

after any significant, unanticipated weather event;

after any significant change to operations;

after Stop Work Authority is used for Imminent Threat or Danger.



A “significant event” is an event which alters planned rig operations in any way. If this event was not anticipated when the Work Permits were authorized, and if the Rig Manager is not immediately available to make a determination, then all work permits will be suspended.



Permit Administration Point



Make all open Work Permits available for review at a determined Work Permit administration point. An electronic system meets this requirement if all Work Permits are visible on the same system. See KPA forms <a href="https://unitcorp.kpaehs.com/forms">Hot / Safe Work Permit SAF-RIG-7.3</a> and <a href="https://unitcorp.kpaehs.com/forms">Lockout/Tagout Verification Form SAF-RIG-7.5</a>.



Who will authorize Work Permits?



The Rig Manager scheduled to be on tour will authorize work permits. During rig move and other operations where multiple Rig Managers may be on tour at the same time, the Rig Manager scheduled to be “on days” for their regular hitch will authorize Work Permits. If there is any potential for confusion, a single permit authorizer will be designated and communicated to personnel. Under no circumstances will this ever be more than one person at the same time.



Procedure



Open a Work Permit



1)	A member of the work crew will

	a)	Submit a documented, approved Job Safety Analysis form for the work to take place.

	b)	Describe and document the work scope:

		--	affected areas

		--	affected equipment

		--	involved and affected personnel

		--	time over which the work will take place

	c)	Identify and document required equipment isolations. 

	d)	Identify and document one person to supervise and take responsibility for the work. For this procedure, that person will be referred to as the “Permit Authorized Person”.

2)	The Permit Authorized Person will

	a)	Sign to accept responsibility for the work.

3)	The Driller will

	a)	Sign to approve the work.

4)	The Rig Manager will

	a)	Sign to authorize the work.



Close a Work Permit



1)	The work crew will

	a)	Describe any scope of incomplete work. What operations, equipment, areas, and personnel are still affected?

2)	The Permit Authorized Person will

	a)	Sign to close the Work Permit.

3)	The Driller will

	a)	Sign to close the Work Permit.

4)	The Rig Manager will

	a)	Sign to close the Work Permit.

	b)	Collect any written forms for the yearly rig folder.



Suspend All Work Permits



1)	The Driller or Rig Manager will

	a)	Inform all involved personnel that work permits are suspended using direct, two-way communication. Telephones and in-person communication meet this requirement. Announcement systems, signals, and alarms do not.

	b)	Re-Authorize Suspended Permits

2)	The Rig Manager will

	a)	Review all open and suspended work permits and determine which, if any, will be re-authorized.

3)	The Driller or Rig Manager will

	a)	Inform all involved personnel that work permits are re-authorized using direct, two-way communication.

Page 2 of 2









